guide: Cleaning Up Experiments (#2631)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/experiment-management/cleaning-experiments.md

# Cleaning Up Experiments

Although DVC uses minimal resources to keep track of the experiments, they may
clutter tables and the workspace. DVC allows to remove specific experiments from
the workspace or delete all not-yet-persisted experiments at once.

> ## Removing Specific Local Experiments

Reviewer: Local is implied. Lower case for consistency
```suggestion
## Removing specific experiments
```

When you want to discard experiments by their name, you can use `dvc exp remove`
and supply the experiment name.

```dvc
$ dvc exp list
main:
    cnn-32
    cnn-64
    cnn-128
$ dvc exp remove cnn-32 cnn-64
$ dvc exp list
main:
    cnn-128
```

> ## Removing Multiple Local Experiments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Removing multiple experiments
```

│ workspace               │ 0.9067 │ 16                │
│ my-experiments          │ 0.9067 │ 16                │
│ ├── 2fc4f81 [cnn-32]    │ 0.9067 │ 32                │
│ ├── 5bc84a3 [cnn-64]    │ 0.9158 │ 64                │
│ ├── 206cba6 [cnn-96]    │ 0.9260 │ 96                │
│ └── 21beb69 [cnn-128]   │ 0.9379 │ 128               │
└─────────────────────────┴────────┴───────────────────┘
```

### Keeping experiments in all commits

When you want to delete _all the experiments not associated with a Git commit_,
you can do so by `--all-commits` flag. It deletes the experiments in the
workspace that are not committed to the history.

### Deleting Experiment-Related Objects in DVC Cache

Note that `dvc exp gc` and `dvc exp remove` doesn't delete any objects in the
DVC <abbr>cache</abbr>. In order to remove the cache objects, e.g. model files,
intermediate artifacts, etc. related with the experiments, you can use `dvc gc`
command.

`dvc gc` receives the same _scoping_ flags, `--workspace`, `--all-branches`,
etc. After a `dvc exp gc --workspace` command, you can supply
`dvc gc --workspace` to remove all the experiment artifacts from the cache as
well.

> ## Removing Experiments in Remotes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Removing experiments from remotes
```

As you push the experiments with `dvc exp push`, remotes may be become cluttered

> with experiment references.

Reviewer: We should link to https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/experiment-management/sharing-experiments from somewhere areound here.

DVC doesn't provide a shortcut for cleaning up the experiments in remotes but
you can use Git plumbing commands to remove experiment references from remotes.

First get the list of experiments with their hash values.

```dvc
$ git ls-remote origin 'refs/exps/*'
98b237f8d8da0964c9fa60c6b27f1dd4a214dabf        refs/exps/17/2b1b9c885f10a73c76bd457a04878bee0e6d6f/exp-7424d
794854926931e84ebc90e829dbc09b3085391659        refs/exps/19/0e697aa566482ebdb8bdb65401382e76b1bce5/exp-ec039
```

Then we can use `git push -d` as any other Git reference:

```dvc
$ git push -d origin refs/exps/17/2b1b9c885f10a73c76bd457a04878bee0e6d6f/exp-7424d
```

If you want to delete **all** experiments in a remote, you can use a loop:

```dvc
$ git ls-remote origin 'refs/exps/*' | cut -f 2 | while read exppath ; do
   git push -d origin "${exppath}"
done
```

> ## Deleting All Queued Experiments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Removing queued experiments
```

> When you created experiments to be run in the queue with `--queue` option of
> `dvc exp run`, and later decide not to run them, you can remove them by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you've created experiments to be run in the queue with `dvc exp run --queue`
and later decide not to run them, you can remove them with
```
